many Palestinians in the northern Gaza
Strip are struggling with harsh living
conditions because Israeli forces have
bombed all the
shelters those with nowhere to go have
pitched their tents on top of the rubble
and debris of their destroyed
homes we set up tents here because the
shelters are inhabitable the Israelis
have burned all the schools and it is no
longer healthy to live there we live
very
primitively even the brick of the tent
is torn and full of holes but it's fine
because we're on our land we can't live
away from our land here we had our
dreams and here we will achieve our
goals and Ambitions all our memories are
here and will remain here my son died
here we managed to retrieve some toys
for the children from under the rubble
this is bread for the children and as
you can see there are lots of ants we
struggle with ants mice and
mosquitoes we will bear the bitterness
of this life for the sake of staying on
our land we will never leave our
[Music]
[Applause]
land we are living on top of the rubble
of our house we came back despite all
the destruction we decided the best
place for us is here even in this hot
weather we can't stay in the tent too
much because of the Heat
so most of the time we are outside in
the fresh air we thank God Almighty for
everything despite the bad and difficult
situation we have no other option praise
be to God
always despite a lack of basic
necessities Palestinians insist on
staying here and not leaving their
land
Shaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer